for two days this week one of the most
successful restaurant operations in the
Twin Cities gave away more than one
hundred thousand dollars of free pizza
Wow yeah and if you missed out don't
worry because this pizza place gives
away something every month can you
believe in the morning food critic and
good question guy Jason DeRusha eats a
punch pizza pizza and ask the owner what
he's cooking up pizza the fire burns hot
and punched Neapolitan pizza 900 degrees
business is burning hot here too seven
locations over 16 years we make pizza
exactly the way it's made in Naples
co-owner John pocket was the original
founder of caribou coffee now he's in
the pizza game with great ingredients
delicious crust and monthly freebies I'm
not a businessman giving away Pizza does
not seem like a brilliant idea it's
probably not but where you have a whole
lot of fun doing it on this night in
Northeast Minneapolis the line is out
the door it's buy one get one free the
two days after valentines day punch gave
away 500 pizzas during a recent blizzard
how did it get started you know it
really started with a photo contest
somebody complained online the local
bloggers that we had a too restrictive a
photo policy in the store and we said
let's just do a photo contest and we'll
give away a bunch of pizzas to everybody
that participates today punch doesn't
spend a dime on traditional restaurant
marketing instead it gives away product
letting fans know on Twitter Facebook
and through email now the business has
50,000 online followers do you think you
really need to do it we probably don't
but what we find is that if we can get
new people to try our pizza a large
percentage of them stay as regular
customers so the more people we can
introduce the punch the better are you
able to track it i mean that's always
the hard thing right we track how well
our business does and it's doing very
well
overall otherwise we probably couldn't
afford to give away a bunch of free
pizzas sales even in a tough economy
continue to grow not just because it's a
brilliant social media campaign but
because the pizza is absolutely
fantastic what a success of turning a
potential negative into something that I
mean people are out the door you know
Jason that's one of the things I've
found through my whole business life is
that sometimes the biggest problems you
have end up being the best things in the
world that happen that's good to hear
jason tells us that punch has been on a
slow and steady expansion plan opening
just one news story year yeah john the
owner had the experience with caribou of
going through the explosive growth
nationwide and he's not looking to go
through that again